I've been thinking about it this whole time.
You got it from All Might, didn't you?
Your power.
Since you're not denying it, it must be true.
Damn it...
What're you going to do with the answer?
You and I both wanted to be like All Might.
Right... That's how it was...
Someone I'd always thought was just a pebble
was acknowledged by the person
I admired without me realizing it...
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
That's why...
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Let's fight.
Right here, right now.
Huh?! Wait, why does it
have to end up like that?
No, this is bad...
We're not even supposed to be here.
If we're going to fight, at least do it
during free practice or something...
We should reserve
a training room and do it there!
There's no reason it has to be now, is there?
If we fight seriously, we'll be stopped.
What part of you made All
Might do what he did?
Let me see for myself.
If the way you admired him was correct,
then does that mean my admiration was wrong?
Kacchan...
Did you see that just now?
All Might really is cool, isn't he?
He saves everyone with a smile,
no matter what trouble they're in...
No matter how much trouble he's in,
he always wins in the end!
He's such a cool hero...
Can I... be a hero, too?
"Deku vs. Kacchan, Part 2"
A-Are you really planning on fighting?
If you don't wanna get hurt, get ready.
Oh yeah, you switched
to mainly using kicks, right?
I said, wait!
We can't do this!
Kacchan!
His right?!
No, I got him like this before.
That's not it.
His right is a feint...
You like to read a lot into things, huh?
Come on!
Are you serious, Kacchan?
Two students from Class 1-A
identified breaking curfew!
Their homeroom teacher...
Hey, Eraser Head!
Your students are at Ground Beta!
You are responsible for them. Go scold them!
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
Seriously?
What in the world...?
I said, wait!
Do we really have to fight?!
There's no way you were wrong!
No one said your admiration was wron--
Wait, I said!
Wait for me, Kacchan!
Kacchan!
Even though you were always behind me...
Are you all right?
No matter how much I beat you up,
you were always stuck to my back like glue...!
Kacchan!
Don't run! Fight!
Even though we both
admired the same person...!
Just so you know, pride is important.
You definitely have the
abilities needed to become a pro.
I know why you're so angry.
It's because of Young Midoriya's
sudden improvement, right?
But you know,
there's no way Level 1 power and
Level 50 power can improve at the same rate.
Why...?!
A-Are you okay?
Don't worry about me!
Fight! What the hell's wrong with you?
Why...
Why did I end up having to chase after
the back of someone who was always behind me?
Why did a damn small fry
like you get strong...
and become acknowledged by All Might...?
Why is it that you became strong...
...but I...
Why was I...
Why was I the one who ended All Might?!
If I'd been stronger and
if I hadn't been kidnapped by villains,
then that wouldn't have happened...
All Might tried to keep it a secret...
I couldn't tell anyone!
Even if I try not to think about it...
...it just comes to mind unexpectedly!
I don't know what to do!
He's been carrying this
with him this whole time...!
More than me... this whole time...
He's been worrying about it...
Thinking about it...
There might not be any meaning in this fight.
There might not be any
meaning in winning or losing.
Even so, I thought that
I had to go through with it.
Because right now, I'm the only one
who can accept Kacchan's feelings.
This is perfect...
I can see whether or not
my Shoot Style works on you...
If I'm gonna do this,
I'm going all out.
I'm not planning on being a sandbag, Kacchan!
He might've just wanted to release these feelings
he couldn't do anything about by fighting.
Even if that was the case,
I couldn't just completely reject him.
It was kind of twisted
if you thought about it.
From kindergarten to elementary school,
middle school, and high school...
We've known each other for a long time,
but until now, we've never
talked about how we really felt.
From above!
That was close...
Don't make me think!
He's gonna get here before I land!
This is bad!
Repel his hand!
I don't even have time to catch my breath!
My way of fighting by predicting my
opponent's moves before acting takes too long!
My speed reacting after seeing the move...
It's gotten better than before...
It's only natural, but
I've gotten stronger...
What're you smiling about?!
I thought you weren't gonna be a sandbag!
I won't be one!
I'm sure you're up to something!
That's what makes me sick!
I can't tell what you're thinking!
No matter how much
I beat you up, you stick close!
Even though you were nothing,
it's like you're looking down on me!
That attitude you have
like you're better than me,
like you're seriously gonna surpass me--
It's an eyesore!
Is... Is that what you thought?
I mean, normally,
if someone keeps looking down on you,
you won't want anything
to do with them anymore.
But like I said before,
because I had nothing at first,
along with the parts I hated about you,
I saw vividly all the amazing things you could do!
You, who had so much that I didn't have,
were an amazing person much
closer to me than All Might!
He's much faster than earlier!
Since I was so emotional,
I lost control a bit.
I'd been paying attention to keeping my
Full Cowling at 5% power this whole time.
Surprisingly, I didn't realize
how much stronger my body had gotten.
I won't make it. Guard!
Continuous whole body limit, raised to 8%.
It's because I thought you were amazing...
That's why...
...I kept chasing after you!
"Katsuki Bakugo"
"Quirk: Explosion"
"He uses a nitroglycerin-like substance secreted on the palms of his hands to create explosions."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 4/20"
"Height: 172 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Spicy Food"
This is faster than I
thought I could do, too.
From a continuous 5% to 8%
is not a dramatic change.
But with that slight
difference, for an instant...
...I kept chasing after you!
You passed me...!
My direct hit didn't make it in time.
You suddenly kicked in another gear--
Is that all you've got?!
This is gross, so I can't
tell you to your face, but...
I want to win and surpass you, you idiot!
When my feeling of "I have to beat you"
is stronger than "I have to save you,"
I inadvertently start spouting more insults.
That's the part of you that I hate,
but the image of "victory" I have inside me
is of you.
I've got the upper hand in the air!
I didn't jump for no reason.
Inside Kacchan's head, he's got
a strong imprint of my Shoot Style!
I'm not a nice enough guy to just go
along with your stress-relieving fight.
Shoot Style was just to keep
my arms from getting too abused.
I never said I couldn't use them at 5%!
I want to beat you, the
incarnation of victory!
Next, it's your turn.
In order to meet the expectations
of All Might, who chose me!
One day, I will make this Quirk my own
and beat you with my own power!
Li... Like I'll lose...!
I win...
All Might's power...
Even with that power...
even if you made that your own...
You still lost to me...
Hey...
Why did you lose...?
Stop there, you two.
Sorry, but I overheard.
All...
...Might...
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
I'm sorry I didn't notice...
It's too late...
Why Deku...?
It started when the sludge
villain came, right?
Why this guy...?
He was powerless,
but more heroic than anyone else.
I thought you were strong.
You were someone who could already compete.
I decided that he should
also be able to stand in the ring.
I'm weak, too, you know...!
I always wanted to be strong, like you!
It's because I'm weak...
...that I made you turn into that...!
This isn't your fault.
Either way, my limit was close.
I was always going to end up like this.
You're strong.
But I focused too much on your strength.
I ended up making you bear that burden...
I'm sorry, even though
you're still young, too...
After being a hero for a long time,
I've seen that being fixated
on victory like you, Young Bakugo
and wanting to save those in
trouble like you, Young Midoriya...
If either of those feelings is missing,
then a hero won't be able to carry out
the justice he wants to carry out.
Like how you, Young Midoriya,
admired Young Bakugo's strength,
and how you, Young Bakugo,
feared Young Midoriya's heart...
Now that your feelings are out in the open,
I think you both understand.
If you both recognize each other
and can focus on making each other stronger,
then you can save people
to win and win to save people,
becoming the greatest heroes.
That's not... what I wanted to hear...
You...
...had the strongest guy
lay the groundwork for you.
Don't lose.
I'll get stronger,
so I can beat you.
Who knows about you and Deku?
Recovery Girl and the principal...
Of the students, it's just you.
You don't want this to get out,
do you, All Might?
Since it sounds like you're trying
to hide this, I won't tell anyone.
I won't expose your secret
like damn Deku here.
I'll keep it between us.
Kacchan...
I should be bowing and
begging you to keep this secret.
Just how much will I need you
to be considerate for my sake...?
Sorry, thanks.
I'm not being considerate.
It's just too big a risk with too many
drawbacks to spread this around.
Now that it's come to this, I must explain
enough to satisfy you, as well, Young Bakugo.
That is only reasonable.
All Might told Kacchan--
About the power passed down from one generation
to the next to stand against a great evil.
About how he became the number one hero
and Symbol of Peace with that power.
About how he was gravely
injured and neared his limit.
And...
...about how he selected his successor.
Basically, if this is exposed, there'd be confusion
about where the power is and stuff, huh?
Jeez, damn Deku,
why'd you have to go and tell me for?
My using up all my power was my own choice.
I said this earlier,
but it was not your fault.
In the end...
...it doesn't change what I have to do.
I'll become a hero that surpasses even you!
Yeah, you're right.
But unlike what I've been
doing until now, Deku--
"Hero Analysis for the Future"
Like how you've been watching me and
everything around you and
absorbing it to get stronger,
I'll also make everything my own to go higher.
Higher than even you, the chosen one.
Th... Then, I'll go even higher than that!
I have to get higher than you!
I said, I'm gonna surpass you!
And I'm saying that I need
to go higher than that!
What?!
They've become proper
rivals now, unlike before.
The secret I had with All Might
became a secret three of us shared.
And--
To fight the night you finish
the preliminary hero licensing exam--
I'm glad you two are so energetic.
Aizawa, wait, hold up
with the restraints. I'm the cause.
Huh?
What, All Might? It's
Midoriya and Bakugo again.
I heard they were fighting
in the practice field...
Yes, about that--
I've known those two since
before they came to U.A.,
and I've thought about them a lot.
Will you leave them to me?
I'll bring them back right away.
Cause? Of what?
Young Bakugo felt responsible
for my retirement.
He had to face the exam
with those pent-up feelings,
and in the end,
his inferiority complex exploded.
It was because I didn't realize
and was negligent in his mental care...
It was a fight brought about
by the failure of adults...
So they had no choice but to break the rules.
But I can't just let it go.
I will give a suitable punishment.
Who hit first?
Me.
I also went in pretty hard.
Four days of house arrest for Bakugo!
Three days for Midoriya!
During that time, you must clean all the
common areas in the dorm, morning and night!
Plus, you have to turn in a written apology!
For your injuries, if the pain gets worse
or doesn't go away, go to the infirmary!
But don't rely on the old lady's Quirk!
Injuries you got on your own
should be healed that way!
That's all! Go to sleep!
What?!
You guys fought...
...and now you're under house arrest?!
That's dumb!
It's nonsense.
Are you stupid?
The pinnacle of stupidity.
So, did you guys make up?
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
It wasn't so much "make up," as...
Hmm... It's hard to put into words...
You're lucky you got away with house arrest.
That means you two will miss the
opening ceremony we're going to now.
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
Bakugo, what're you doing about the
extra classes for the provisional license?
Shut up! It has nothing to do with you!
Thanks for cleaning, then!
About my Shoot Style...
How was it...?
The motions when you're
preparing to do a move are too big.
Even when you got faster,
I was able to just barely react in time.
It's not good for a slugfest.
I see...
When you used it with
your punch, it made me mad.
I see...!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
U.A. High's second semester has begun.
After the Hosu incident, the training camp,
and the provisional licensing exam,
we have grown a lot.
We'll use the results of
that growth in our work studies!
But I didn't realize
that with the retirement of All Might,
the villains who had been hiding
started to become more active.
Next time, "A Season for Encounters"!
This is the story of how I met the
Big Three who stand at the top of U.A.
"Next time: A Season for Encounters"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!